perl-XML-SAX-Writer is a new XML Writer to match the SAX2 effort.
XML::SAX is a SAX parser access API for Perl. It includes classes and APIs required for implementing SAX drivers,
along with a factory class for returning any SAX parser installed on the user's system. It is designed around the
need to be able to "plug in" different SAX parsers to an application without requiring programmer intervention.
This module is generally used to write XML but just like the rest of SAX it can be used as a generic framework to output data.

What is a SAX Filter?
--------------------------
A SAX filter is simply a class that is passed as the event handler to another class that generates SAX events,
then forwards all or some of those events on the next handler (or filter) in the processing chain. A filter may
prune the document tree by not forwarding events for elements with a given name (or that meet some other condition),
while in other cases, a filter might generate its own new events to add parent or child elements to certain elements
the existing document stream. Also, element attributes can be added or removed or the character data altered in some way.
Really any class that is able to receive SAX events, then call event methods on another SAX handler in a way that alters
the document stream can be seen as a SAX filter. In practice, SAX filters are like conceptual cousins of many of the
standard UNIX tools. By themselves, these tools often perform only a single, simple task, but when piped together
they are capable of astonishing feats. In the same way, the real power of SAX filters is derived from the fact that simpler,
easy-to-maintain filters may be chained together to produce complex XML data transformations.

Functionality of the test:  Default options of XML::SAX::Writer are set and tested.
Setting a Consumer is done by setting the Output option to the object like string, file,
array etc, by mapping the consumer classes like XML::SAX::Writer::FileConsumer, XML::SAX::Writer::StringConsumer,
XML::SAX::Writer::ArrayConsumer, XML::SAX::Writer::HandleConsumer.

How to run the test:
--------------------
./perl-XML-SAX-Writer.sh
